= kaltura-wave

Kaltura-Wave is a google wave gadget that embeds a KDP in a wave and shares the playstate of the KDP via javascript.

This project is currently in the research phase.

= Gadget XML

The canonical version of the Kaltura Wave gadget XML will be hosted on Kaltura.org 's SVN.

Development XML files are located in the raw on Github, for example:

http://github.com/papyromancer/kaltura-wave/raw/master/gadget.xml

If you've forked the github project just replace 'papyromancer' with your user name.

= Proposed Workflow

User adds the widget to a wave and is presented with the add media widget.  Upon close the add media widget stores the entryid in the wave and opens up a kdp with the stored entry id.

Entry editing... is an unknown.  Does this just pull up the editor and updatge the state with a new entry id...  No, it shouldn't be that simple.  The state of the wave must record what _mode_ the wave is in: creation, playback, modification.  All states muyst be observed via javascript.
In all probablity, this entire system could be run off kaltura's svn.

== Media Playback

Shared state

== Editing Interface

Shared state

== Media Management

Media Management, by virtue of its user centric and user specific nature of allowing users to add files from their own computer terminals, is a private action.  While the wave state is shared within the editing and playback tabs, adding media is a purely personal task, and exposing the add media widget to group editing is likely to cause innumerable probs.

Neither the switch to the 'Add Media' tab nor the state of the 'Add Media' widget shall ever be recorded within the wave state.

Media management is not available to wave state.


= Links for research

* http://www.kaltura.org/kdp-basic-usage-embedding-html-pages-and-playback
* http://www.kaltura.org/kdp-apis-about-javascript-integration
* http://code.google.com/apis/wave/extensions/gadgets/guide.html
* http://code.google.com/apis/gadgets/docs/ui.html

= Copyright

This library is released in compliance with the GNU Affero General Public License.  See LICENSE for more details.

Copyright (c) 2009 Your Name Here
